Add 3.x -> 4.x migration guide (#160)
couchbase/couchbase-php-client: MIGRATION_FROM_3_x.md

   +++ w/composer.json
   @@ -24,6 +24,8 @@
        "require": {
            "php": "^7.4 || ^8.0",
            "ext-json": "*",
   +        "ext-couchbase": "^4.2",
   +        "couchbase/couchbase": "^4.2",
            "monolog/monolog": "^2.3",
            "php-di/php-di": "^6.3",
            "slim/psr7": "^1.5",
   ```

   In case, the Composer cannot be used, we also have autoloader script `Couchbase\autoload.php`,
   that sets up hook to resolve and automatically require SDK classes, but to use this autoloader,
   the headers must be installed somewhere in PHP include path, which could be found using one of
   the following commands, or in the `phpinfo()` output.
   ```
   $ pecl config-get php_dir
   /usr/share/pear
   ```
   ```
   $ php -r 'printf("%s\n", ini_get("include_path"));'
   .:/usr/share/pear:/usr/share/php
   ```

2. Another important observation is that SDKv4 does not expect any system libraries or headers to be
   installed to work and uses statically compiled core implementation (just like all other
   wrappers). Also it statically links TLS library to the extension, which, again, simplifies
   deployment on Windows platform.

## Transcoder API

> SDKv3 used non-standard way of specifying encoder and decoder for the document objects for KV API.
> This API was inherited from SDKv2, and basically the Developer needed to specify only decoder, or
> encoder function in the options. SDKv4 fixes this and instead defines `\Couchbase\Transcoder`
> interface which encapsulates all logic. In addition it provides four implementations of it
> and uses `\Couchbase\JsonTranscoder` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDKv3 used a non-standard way of specifying an encoder and decoder for the document objects for the KV API.
This API was inherited from SDKv2, where the developer needed to specify a decoder or
encoder function in the options. SDKv4 fixes this and instead defines the `\Couchbase\Transcoder`
interface which encapsulates all the logic. Additionally, it provides four implementations of it
and uses `\Couchbase\JsonTranscoder` by default.
```

> Lets say we want to read/write documents without any conversion, just as a binary streams. To do so,
> we would need to override transcoder, because otherwise our byte strings will be serialized as JSON
> strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say we want to read/write documents without any conversion, just as a binary streams. To do so,
we would need to override the transcoder, because otherwise our byte strings will be serialized as JSON
strings.
```

Here is how it is done with SDKv3:

```php
$options = new \Couchbase\ClusterOptions();
$options->credentials("Administrator", "password");
$cluster = new \Couchbase\Cluster("couchbase://localhost", $options);
$collection = $cluster->bucket("default")->defaultCollection();

$passThruDecoder = function($bytes, $flags, $datatype) {
    // do not check anything just return bytes as passed by core
    return $bytes;
};

$passThruEncoder = function($value) {
    // do not do conversion, and return zeroes for datatype and flags
    return [$value, 0x00, 0x00];
};

// Mutation operations in SDKv3 explicitly ask for encoder callable
$options = new \Couchbase\UpsertOptions();
$options->encoder($passThruEncoder);
$collection->upsert("foo", "BINARY DATA: \xDE\xAD\xBE\xEF", $options);

// Retrieval operation in SDKv3 only allow decoder callable
$options = new \Couchbase\GetOptions();
$options->decoder($passThruDecoder);
$res = $collection->get("foo", $options);
var_dump($res->content());
```

> With SDKv4 we ship `\Couchbase\RawBinaryTranscoder`, which could be reimplemented as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With SDKv4 we ship `\Couchbase\RawBinaryTranscoder`, which could be reimplemented as the following:
```

```php
class PassThruTranscoder implements \Couchbase\Transcoder
{
    public function encode($value): array
    {
        return [
            $value,
            (new \Couchbase\TranscoderFlags(\Couchbase\TranscoderFlags::DATA_FORMAT_BINARY))->encode(),
        ];
    }

    public function decode(string $bytes, int $flags)
    {
        return $bytes;
    }
}

// RawBinaryTranscoder like any other implementation has static method getInstance() returning
// singleton object.
$passThruTranscoder = new PassThruTranscoder();

$options = new \Couchbase\UpsertOptions();
$options->transcoder($passThruTranscoder);
$collection->upsert("foo", "BINARY DATA: \xDE\xAD\xBE\xEF", $options);

$options = new \Couchbase\GetOptions();
$options->transcoder($passThruTranscoder);
$res = $collection->get("foo", $options);
var_dump($res->content());
```

## Error Handling

> SDKv4 moved exceptions into `\Couchbase\Exception` namespace, so if the application used to catch
> and handle exceptions from SDK, those places should update to use new names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SDKv4 moved exceptions into the `\Couchbase\Exception` namespace, so if the application used to catch
and handle exceptions from the SDK, those places should update to use the new names.
```

                    <li>\Couchbase\KeyspaceNotFoundException</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
            <td>\Couchbase\Exception\BucketNotFoundException</td>
        </tr>
        <tr><td>\Couchbase\CasMismatchException</td>          <td>\Couchbase\Exception\CasMismatchException</td></tr>
        <tr><td>\Couchbase\CollectionMissingException</td>    <td>\Couchbase\Exception\CollectionNotFoundException</td></tr>
        <tr>
            <td>\Couchbase\DurabilityException</td>
            <td>
                One of the more specific exceptions.
                <ul>
                    <li>\Couchbase\Exception\DurabilityAmbiguousException</li>
                    <li>\Couchbase\Exception\DurabilityImpossibleException</li>
                    <li>\Couchbase\Exception\DurabilityLevelNotAvailableException</li>
                    <li>\Couchbase\Exception\DurableWriteInProgressException</li>
                    <li>\Couchbase\Exception\DurableWriteReCommitInProgressException</li>
                </ul>
            </td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
            <td>\Couchbase\DmlFailureException</td>
            <td>

>                 The SDK will detect underlying error that caused the query to fail and throw
>                 specific exception.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                The SDK will detect the underlying error that caused the query to fail and throw
                the specific exception.
```
